---
title: "2025"
permalink: /2025/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Accolades And Achievements
---
<h3><strong>Student</strong></h3>
<ol data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>We are thrilled to congratulate <strong>Chua Jayen of P5C </strong>for
her outstanding achievement at the Get The Beat World Finals competition
in Sydney! Competing alongside incredibly talented dancers from around
the world, Jayen earned an impressive <strong>3rd place in the Hip Hop category</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We are thrilled to share that <strong>Muhammad Hazim Bin Haerman of P4R3</strong> achieved
an impressive <strong>3rd place</strong> in the Tiger Balm National Boccia
Championship 2025. His achievement is a testament to his perseverance and
commitment to excellence. We congratulate him on his wonderful achievement
and look forward to seeing his continued growth and success whilst inspiring
others.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We are elated to share that our talented student, <strong>Asiyah Mariam D/O Haja Jahabardeen of P6R2</strong>,
represented her team as one of the players in the Junior Soccer School
and League (JSSL) Singapore Professional Academy 7s and competed against
13 top teams from 5 different countries in the Girls Under 12 category.
Her team emerged champions, a truly remarkable achievement!</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We are thrilled to share that <strong>Jermanie Ong Wei Jie from P6H</strong> and <strong>Anas Naufal Bin Mohamad Hafiz from P6C</strong> has
been awarded the 2025 Singapore Olympic Foundation – Peter Lim Scholarship
(Primary Category). We hope the scholarship will support them in achieving
both their sporting and academic goals.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We are proud to share that our <strong>P1 (Category A)</strong> artwork
was selected for the on-site exhibition at the National Gallery Singapore
(NGS) and awarded a Certificate of Recognition.</p>
<table style="minWidth: 50px">
<colgroup>
<col>
<col>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p></p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<th rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Students</p>
</th>
<th rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Class</p>
</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Nur Aisy Arfa Binte Jumari</p>
<p>Low Kai Wen, Joshua</p>
<p>Heng Xin Yu</p>
<p>Ruthran S/O Saavanan</p>
<p>Janice Wang Qianle</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>1H</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Tan Jia Yee</p>
<p>Tse King Yin</p>
<p>Mero Laen Senthil Kumar</p>
<p>Leanne Aw Xin Tong</p>
<p>Poh Yu Xi, Kaelyn</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>1M</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</li>
</ol>
<hr>
<h3><strong>CCA</strong></h3>
<p>We would like to congratulate the following Chief Scout's Award (Cub)
from Fern Green Cub Scout Group (Primary) for their exemplary performance.</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Nur Sufia Binte Muhammad Azmi</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ayra Mahirah Binte Muhammad Taufiq</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Loh Xing En, Faith</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Chee Roxii</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Danish Bin Mohammad Azhar</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tricia Tey Yuxi</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Yong Wen Xuan</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Sophie Imani Binte Mohamed Afez</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Jocelyn Lee Zi Jun</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>